Update pyam version, remove todos, add kwarg feature to infill_all (#82)
znicholls/silicone: CHANGELOG.rst

master
------

> - (`#82 <https://github.com/znicholls/silicone/pull/82>`_) Updated to a later version of pyam and solved todos associated with this. Also added a kwargs feature to infill_all_required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (`#82 <https://github.com/znicholls/silicone/pull/82>`_) Updated to a later version of pyam and solved todos associated with this. Also added a ``cruncher_kwargs`` argument to infill_all_required.
```

> - (`#82 <https://github.com/znicholls/silicone/pull/82>`_) Updated to a later version of pyam and solved todos associated with this. Also added a ``cruncher_kwargs`` argument to infill_all_required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (`#82 <https://github.com/znicholls/silicone/pull/82>`_) Updated to a later version of pyam and solved todos associated with this. Also added a ``kwargs`` argument to ``infill_all_required``.
```
